Pipeline and installer tweaks (#4)
arup-group/SpeckleInstaller: README.md

4. Select the `Master` branch
5. Input the first three digits of the release version in the input box. e.g. `1.8.32`
6. Press the `Run Workflow` button

> 7. Check the created release, if all is well, press the `Edit` button and until the `Pre-release` checkbox

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. Download the installer and check the created release
8. If all is well, press the `Edit` button on the release, unselect the `This is a pre-release` checkbox and press `update release`
```

Author: thanks, that's much clearer
